What's your trouble?
You're a liar!
Little girl, we meet again, what's the matter with you?
Mom, I'm your daughter
She told me about my first day and made my identity
Mom, she's impersonating me
I am your little five
little girl
Is there any misunderstanding between you and my daughter?
If there is, I will give you some money.
How much do you want?
Mom, look at me
I'm your daughter
Look at me
Look at me I grew up without a mother
It was grandma who carried me out of the fire
Now I have a hard time finding my mother
Are you going to rob me?
Miss, who are you?
What do I have against you? My name.
Xiao Wang
Afternoon. Afternoon.
Mom will take you to the hospital for a walk
Ah, he's a fake.
Little girl, my daughter has seen you injured twice, and I don't care about you twice.
But I advise you to leave
If you are hostile to him again
I'm not welcome to you.
Mom, look at me again
Hold back hold back
Wait a minute.
Come with me!
Take away